Create an Azure AD App Registration
1. The first step is configuring an Azure AD App Registration that MISP will use to push IoCs 
into the Azure Security Graph.
2. 3In Azure Active Directory, navigate to App Registrations, and click New Registration. Name 
the Application: “MISP – Threat Intel Platform” and click Register.
3. Configure permission “ThreatIndicators.ReadWrite.OwnedBy” to the app and grant admin 
consent.
4. Save the Application id , Client secret and Tenant id. 
MISP REST API
You need to get the MISP API key to use in the Export Script. In the MISP web interface, navigate to 
Event Actions > Automation, and get the API key to connect to the MISP API. You will need this in the 
next step.
Setup Export to Azure Graph
The next step is to configure a script to push the indicators from MISP into the Azure Security Graph. 
Run the following commands to download and configure the script.
sudo apt-get install python3-venv
python3 -m venv mispToSentinel
cd mispToSentinel
source bin/activate
git clone https://github.com/microsoftgraph/security-api-solutions
cd security-api-solutions/Samples/MISP/
pip install -r requirements.txt

** if you get the error while installing requirements.txt, open the txt file and get the list of packages 
needs to be installed for configuration and install the packages separately.
Configure the Script
Run nano config.py to edit the Python script.
• Put Tenant , client id , client secret of application saved. 
• If you have org. name and category in MISP instance put that in script , otherwise comment 
out the event filter section.
• Put MISP key and MISP domain address and save the config.py file.

Execute Script
Run python script.py to execute the export script. It will probably take several minutes to run.
•
Schedule Script: Schedule script to run every day to get updated feeds.
• Run crontab -e to edit your Crontab Entries.
• Add the following entry to execute the export script every day at 2 AM.
• 0 2 * * * /opt/MISP/jobs/Sample/python script.py
Configure Azure Sentinel:
• Go to connector Section
• Search Threat Intelligence Platform connector and open connector page.
• Click on Connect button to connect the connector.
